Add notice on v1 embedding removal to 3.29.0 breaking changes (#11749)
flutter/website: src/content/release/breaking-changes/v1-android-embedding.md

---
title: Android v1 embedding deletion
description: Deletion of the Android v1 embedding.
---

## Summary

The v1 embedding has been removed in Flutter 3.29.0. 
This follows the deprecation described in //(TODO link). 

> The following is a full list of classes and packages removed, along with their replacements.

Reviewer: I think it reads awkwardly to say you are listing the classes and their replacements then to list just the classes followed by another sentence then  the replacements.

Author: Changed to just say the that the following is a full list of classes removed

``` 
io.flutter.app.FlutterActivity
io.flutter.app.FlutterActivityDelegate
io.flutter.app.FlutterActivityEvents
io.flutter.app.FlutterApplication
io.flutter.app.FlutterFragmentActivity
io.flutter.app.FlutterPlayStoreSplitApplication
io.flutter.app.FlutterPluginRegistry

io.flutter.embedding.engine.plugins.shim.ShimPluginRegistry
io.flutter.embedding.engine.plugins.shim.ShimRegistrar

io.flutter.view.FlutterMain
io.flutter.view.FlutterNativeView
io.flutter.view.FlutterView
```

If your project references any of the above classes, consult the following list for instructions on migration.

> * `io.flutter.app.FlutterActivity` was replaced with `io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterActivity`.

Reviewer: Consider making this a table instead of text.

* `io.flutter.app.FlutterActivityDelegate` was replaced with `io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterActivityAndFragmentDelegate`.

> * `io.flutter.app.FlutterActivityEvents` was replaced with //TODO

Reviewer: Do not merge until todo is resolved.

Author: Resolved, this was simply removed

* `io.flutter.app.FlutterApplication` was removed. Flutter projects with custom `Application` implementations should instead extend the base `android.app.Application`. 
* `io.flutter.app.FlutterFragmentActivity` was replaced with `io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterFragmentActivity`.
* `io.flutter.app.FlutterPlayStoreSplitApplication` was replaced with `io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterPlayStoreSplitApplication`.

> * `io.flutter.app.FlutterPluginRegistry` //TODO

Reviewer: Do not merge until todo is removed.

Author: Resolved

* `io.flutter.embedding.engine.plugins.shim.ShimPluginRegistry` was removed, as it only served to support let plugins support apps using the v1 embedding.
* `io.flutter.embedding.engine.plugins.shim.ShimRegistrar` was removed, as it only served to support let plugins support apps using the v1 embedding.
* `io.flutter.view.FlutterMain` was replaced by `io.flutter.embedding.engine.loader.FlutterLoader`.
* `io.flutter.view.FlutterNativeView` was replaced by `io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterView`.
* `io.flutter.view.FlutterView` was replaced by `io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterView`.

## Plugin authors

> // TODO

Reviewer: If it helps here is the template we filed against plugin authors edited to reflect what has already happened. 

I also think linking to prs that we authored doing plugin conversions might be helpful. 

"""
Remove references to deprecated v1 Android embedding 

To ensure this plugin will work with users running the 3.29 of Flutter remove references to the v1 embedding.

The v1 embedding was deprecated around 6 and a half years ago. In Flutter 3.22, the Flutter tool dropped support for building v1 apps entirely. Flutter has deleted version one of it's Android embedding in the next stable release, per https://medium.com/flutter/whats-new-in-flutter-3-22-fbde6c164fe3 (in the "Removal of v1 Android embedding" section). 

When that deletion happens, any apps using plugins that still have references to the removed classes will fail to

#### Some example PRs:
- Flutter team maintained plugins: https://github.com/flutter/packages/pull/6494
- `android_alarm_manager_plus` https://github.com/fluttercommunity/plus_plugins/pull/2864 

A quick way to check for missing classes it to use github search on your repo/package ```("io.flutter.view.FlutterMain" OR "io.flutter.view.FlutterNativeView" OR "io.flutter.view.FlutterView" OR "io.flutter.embedding.engine.plugins.shim" OR "io.flutter.app" OR "PluginRegistry.Registrar")```

#### Consequences:
- This change should have no impact on users of this plugin that are building apps using the v2 embedding (we don't have a percentage to share, but this is the vast majority of users). 
- It will remove support for users that are still using the v1 embedding on versions of Flutter older than `3.22`.

If you do not migrate, your plugin will instead be broken for all apps using flutter 3.29 or beyond at compilation time. 

#### Is there a way to support both v1 and v2 embedding apps in the next stable version of Flutter?
No.
"""

Author: I've decided to keep it short here as we already included the list of classes above, let me know if it seems reasonable

Reviewer: I still think examples help but my review should no longer be blocking.

Author: Added an example

---
title: Removal of v1 Android embedding Java APIs
description: Deletion of the Android v1 embedding.
---

## Summary

> The v1 embedding has been removed in Flutter 3.29.0. 

Reviewer 2: Consider restating Android here just to be extra clear

```suggestion
Android's v1 embedding has been removed in Flutter 3.29.0. 
```

Author: Changed to suggested

* `io.flutter.app.FlutterPluginRegistry` was removed, as it only served to let plugins support apps using the v1 embedding.
* `io.flutter.embedding.engine.plugins.shim.ShimPluginRegistry` was removed, as it only served to support let plugins support apps using the v1 embedding.
* `io.flutter.embedding.engine.plugins.shim.ShimRegistrar` was removed, as it only served to support let plugins support apps using the v1 embedding.
* `io.flutter.view.FlutterMain` was replaced by `io.flutter.embedding.engine.loader.FlutterLoader`.
* `io.flutter.view.FlutterNativeView` was replaced by `io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterView`.
* `io.flutter.view.FlutterView` was replaced by `io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterView`.

[Android v1 embedding app and plugin creation deprecation]: /release/breaking-changes/android-v1-embedding-create-deprecation

## Plugin authors

Plugins which are still supporting v1 embedding Flutter apps through the 
inclusion of the method with the signature
```java
public static void registerWith(@NonNull io.flutter.plugin.common.PluginRegistry.Registrar registrar);
```
in their implementation of the `FlutterPlugin` interface should remove this 

> method.

Reviewer 2: Do we have an example PR we could link to? Or perhaps we could add an example diff in this doc to showcase what removing this method might look like?

Author: provided an example (specifically https://github.com/flutter/packages/pull/6494).

> Plugins which are still supporting v1 embedding Flutter apps through the 
> inclusion of the method with the signature
> ```java
> public static void registerWith(@NonNull io.flutter.plugin.common.PluginRegistry.Registrar registrar);
> ```
> in their implementation of the `FlutterPlugin` interface should remove this 
> method.

Reviewer 2: This sentence would be a little easier to read if we don't split with a code snippet. What do you think of putting the entire sentence before the code snippet. Perhaps:

````suggestion
Plugins should remove the `registerWith` method from their `FlutterPlugin` interface implementation:

```java
public static void registerWith(@NonNull io.flutter.plugin.common.PluginRegistry.Registrar registrar);
```
````

Author: Changed to suggested
